understand later that night there I feel
much better now
did you take those seasick pills the
doctor gave you I sure did my boy and
now that old grandpa's feeling better
we're gonna have a lot more fun yeah you
bet
we're not sure he's enjoying himself hey
Chris I know we're supposed to be
relaxing and all but what's there to do
on this ship there's lots of stuff to do
how about taking a swim
Gurdjieff being rude don't pay any
attention Christmas party Quinn well
tail heaven okay
I'm grateful tails we'll be okay it's
Sonic I'm worried about I think he feels
trapped I guess I feel crazy too if I
were him I've seen Sonico stories before
but I've never seen anything as bad as
this okay it's time for a meeting let's
have a little talk Sonic what about
about you about me and about the way
you're acting I've never seen such
immature behavior we're on this ship for
ten more days and ten more nights get
used to it be brave Oh crazy about the
absence of fear of the fishing of it
nobody wants to see their hero carrying
on like a big crybaby they want him to
be every challenge head on
remember that Sonic think Amy's really
getting through there Chris yeah go
forth heroes and keep your head
he collapsed I was too overwhelming oh
we've got to do something I think he's
sick
okay I'll call